Live Share Ignite 2022 Updates (#7162)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/apps-in-teams-meetings/teams-live-share-overview.md

### Live Share media

:::image type="content" source="../assets/images/teams-live-share/teams-live-share-contoso-video.gif" alt-text="Live Share video sharing experience":::

Video and audio are instrumental parts of the modern world and workplace. Live Share media enables **media synchronization** for any media player with just a few lines of code. By synchronizing media at the player state and transport controls layer, you can individually attribute views, while providing the highest possible quality available through your app. Because Microsoft is not rebroadcasting your media content, your licensing and access requirements are kept intact.

Features supported by Live Share media include:

- Synchronize media player state and track with `MediaPlayerSynchronizer`.
- Intelligent adjustments to media volume as users talk during the meeting.
- Limit which users can modify player state.
- Suspend and resume media synchronization on the fly or at scheduled wait points.

You can find more information about this package on the [Live Share media page](./teams-live-share-media-capabilities.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > Live Share does not rebroadcast media content. It is designed for use with embedded web players, such as HTML5 `<video>` or Azure Media Player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Live Share doesn't rebroadcast media content. It's designed for use with embedded web players, such as HTML5 `<video>` or Azure Media Player.
```

### Live Share canvas

:::image type="content" source="../assets/images/teams-live-share/Teams-live-share-schematics.png" alt-text="Teams Live Share":::

> When collaborating in meetings, it is essential for users to be able to point out and emphasize content on the screen. Live Share canvas makes it easy to add inking, laser pointers, and cursors to your app for seamless collaboration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When collaborating in meetings, it's essential for users to be able to point out and emphasize content on the screen. Live Share canvas makes it easy to add inking, laser pointers, and cursors to your app for seamless collaboration.
```

Features supported by Live Share canvas include:

- Add a collaborative `<canvas>` to your app with `LiveCanvas`.
- Convey ideas using the pen, highlighter, line, and arrow tools.
- Present effectively using the laser pointer.
- Follow along with real-time mouse cursors.

> - Configuration settings for variable devices and view states.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Configure settings for variable devices and view states.
```

> - Supports mouse, touch, and stylus inputs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use fully supported mouse, touch, and stylus inputs.
```
